Created lenskart.md (#2907)
litmuschaos/litmus: adopters/organizations/lenskart.md

## Lenskart

> [Lenskart](https://www.lenskart.com) is one the premium eyewear company with presence in the reail sector. [Lenskart](https://www.lenskart.com) has a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Lenskart](https://www.lenskart.com) is one of the premium eyewear companies with a presence in the retail sector. [Lenskart](https://www.lenskart.com) has a 
```

> lot of flagship products some of them like BluO and airflex which are very popular among customers. [Lenskart](https://www.lenskart.com) also subsidiary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lot of flagship products some of them like BluO and airflex which are very popular among customers. [Lenskart](https://www.lenskart.com) also has subsidiary
```

retail eyewear companies like [John&Jacobs](https://www.johnjacobseyewear.com/) and [Aqualens](https://aqualens.in/). [Lenskart](https://www.lenskart.com) 

> is not only a retails shop but has an omnichannel business model which serves customer from online and offline stores spread not only across India but also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is not only a retail shop but has an omnichannel business model which serves customer from online and offline stores spread not only across India but also
```

expanding gloablly.

##  **Motivation** 
 
[Lenskart](https://www.lenskart.com) not only serves fashion products to customer but also power eyeglasses and contact lenses which are custom made for every 
customer. This makes it a very niche product as well as an company serving essentials commodities for it's customer. Delivery and ease of ordering from online 
and offline stores is what we take very seriously. Any downtime could cost not only business but also could impact delivery of his/her eyeglasses or contact 
lenses. As an engineering team who is always accepting challenges , we started looking at chaos engineering very seriously once we also faced some major 

> downtimes in our platform due to system failure or DDOS attacks. It didn't took us time to realize that just running shop on cloud was not good enough 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
downtimes in our platform due to system failure or DDOS attacks. It didn't take us time to realize that just running shop on the cloud was not good enough 
```

> we have to be prepared for chaos situations, not just that we have to simulate it and find weak points in our architecture. So, we first started with manual 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we have to be prepared for chaotic situations, not just that, we also have to simulate it and find weak points in our architecture. So, we first started with manual 
```

and scripted chaos, but the problem was that they were hard to reproduce and involved a lot of effort to plan and execute them. Then we started exploring
if we could have a framework which could help us maintain our chaos experiments in form of templates. After looking at a couple of tools we narrowed down on
Litmus. 

## **How are we using Litmus**

> We started using Litmus from our devops kubernetes cluster , where we first started to test stateful service like redis clsuter or elasticsearch. We then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We started using Litmus from our devops kubernetes cluster , where we first started to test stateful service like redis cluster or elasticsearch. We then
```

> gradually started testing our own services using Litmus. We have gradually moved from our integration environments to preproduction. We are regularly maturing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gradually started testing our own application services using Litmus. We have gradually moved from our integration environments to pre-production. We are regularly maturing 
```

> our hypostesis and writing relevant experiment for these services. Currently we haven't integrated these experiments into our CI/CD pipelines but in future we have 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
our hypothesis and writing relevant experiments for these services. Currently, we haven't integrated these experiments into our CI/CD pipelines but in the future we have 
```

> plan to run these experiments with every release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plans to run these experiments with every release. 
```

## **Benefits of using litmus**

> We are quite new to Litmus framework but what we have really gaines from Litmus in templating of our chaos experiments and able to maintain them in our cvs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are quite new to Litmus framework but what we have really gained from Litmus is templating of our chaos experiments and able to maintain them in our CVS.
```

> This is has really helped us with the reproducibility of the experiments. It has opened new opportunities for us where we can write our own custom experiments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has really helped us with the reproducibility of the experiments. It has opened new opportunities for us where we can write our own custom experiments
```

> which might be very specific targetting to our inhouse and public services. We have started ranking the experiments and adding it to our experiments so that we 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which might be very specific targetting our in-house and public services. We have started ranking the experiments and adding them to our experiment suite so that we 
```
